docs/concepts/overview/overview.md, before:

---
id: overview
title: Overview
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Nimbora Overview

Nimbora is a platform that offers you the opportunity to interact with your favorite Layer 1 (L1) protocols at a fraction of the cost of Layer 2 (L2) solutions.

## L2 vs L1: Benefits of using Nimbora

The main benefit of using Nimbora is the decreases in gas fees, up to 7x compared with Ethereum mainnet. This significant reduction in gas fees is achieved through the utilization of innovative Layer 2 solutions. These solutions perform most transactions off-chain, only settling the final state on the Ethereum mainnet. This drastically reduces the number of transactions that need to be processed on the congested Ethereum network, thereby reducing overall gas fees. This makes transactions on Nimbora more affordable and accessible for all users, fostering a more inclusive DeFi ecosystem.

## What wallets can I connect with?

At the moment, Nimbora supports compatibility with [Argent X wallet](https://www.argent.xyz/argent-x/) and [Braavos wallet](https://braavos.app/). Argent X is a smart wallet designed to provide a simple and secure way to manage and invest digital assets. On the other hand, Braavos wallet is a decentralized wallet known for its user-friendly interface and high-level security features. The integration of these wallets with Nimbora allows users to conveniently interact with preferred Layer 1 protocols at a significantly reduced cost. Nimbora is committed to enhancing user experience and thus, plans to integrate more wallets in the near future.

## Transaction processing and batching

The transaction is processed when the Starknet transaction is accepted on Ethereum, which typically takes around 12 hours. Once your transaction is accepted on Layer 1 (L1), it gets batched with other transactions and is processed within a maximum of an hour (the fastest processing time is 1 minute). If you see that the batch is in the processing stage, it means that it was sent to L1 but hasn't been accepted yet. This acceptance process also requires 12 hours. Once the batch is processed, its status will change to 'processed'.

## Where can I get help?

To report any issue, please click at "FEEDBACK" button directly on https://app.nimbora.io/ (see image below).

![feedback](/content/feedback.png)

If you have technical questions about this integration or Starknet in general, you can join [Nimbora Discord server](https://discord.gg/feJJnkmYzc).

Commit message:

fix: transaction processing and batching

docs/concepts/overview/overview.md, after:

---
id: overview
title: Overview
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Nimbora Overview

Nimbora is a platform that offers you the opportunity to interact with your favorite Layer 1 (L1) protocols at a fraction of the cost of Layer 2 (L2) solutions.

## L2 vs L1: Benefits of using Nimbora

The main benefit of using Nimbora is the decreases in gas fees, up to 7x compared with Ethereum mainnet. This significant reduction in gas fees is achieved through the utilization of innovative Layer 2 solutions. These solutions perform most transactions off-chain, only settling the final state on the Ethereum mainnet. This drastically reduces the number of transactions that need to be processed on the congested Ethereum network, thereby reducing overall gas fees. This makes transactions on Nimbora more affordable and accessible for all users, fostering a more inclusive DeFi ecosystem.

## What wallets can I connect with?

At the moment, Nimbora supports compatibility with [Argent X wallet](https://www.argent.xyz/argent-x/) and [Braavos wallet](https://braavos.app/). Argent X is a smart wallet designed to provide a simple and secure way to manage and invest digital assets. On the other hand, Braavos wallet is a decentralized wallet known for its user-friendly interface and high-level security features. The integration of these wallets with Nimbora allows users to conveniently interact with preferred Layer 1 protocols at a significantly reduced cost. Nimbora is committed to enhancing user experience and thus, plans to integrate more wallets in the near future.

## Transaction processing and batching

When the Nimbora Pooling Manager contract receives requests, it opens a new batch and adds those requests until the batch is full. Once the bach is full, the contract will empack all the requests and send them to the L1 Pooling contract. This message will take some time to be verified on L1 depending on the network congestion, but it should not take more than 12h. Once the block is validated on L1, the message is ready to be consumend by the L1 Pooling Contract.

## Where can I get help?

To report any issue, please click at "FEEDBACK" button directly on https://app.nimbora.io/ (see image below).

![feedback](/content/feedback.png)

If you have technical questions about this integration or Starknet in general, you can join [Nimbora Discord server](https://discord.gg/feJJnkmYzc).
