docs/sdks/sdk/overview.md, before:

---
id: overview
title: Overview
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Nimbora SDK

## About us

Nimbora is a 1-click DeFi pooling product, incubated by the SpaceShard team. It is a platform that offers you the opportunity to interact with your favorite Layer 1 (L1) protocols at a fraction of the cost of Layer 2 (L2) solutions. The idea behind is to scale L1 DeFi via L2 execution seamlessly while super-low fees. The technology behind Nimbora is Zero-Knowledge Rollups, currently [Starknet](/docs/concepts/overview#starknet) - a permissionless decentralized ZK-Rollup that operates as an L2 network over Ethereum.  To put it simply, Nimbora scales L1 DeFi products completely trustlessly using rollups. 

You can learn more about Nimbora by following us on [Medium](https://medium.com/@Nimbora), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nimbora_io), or by joining our [Discord group](https://discord.gg/feJJnkmYzc).

### About the SDK

This SDK helps you integrate with Nimbora YieldDex.

![nimbora_sdk](/content/nimbora_sdk.png)

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install nimbora-token-manager
$ yarn add nimbora-token-manager
```

Commit message:

Update strategy description and add founder's talk link

docs/sdks/sdk/overview.md, after:

---
id: overview
title: Overview
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Nimbora SDK

## About us

Nimbora is a 1-click DeFi pooling product, incubated by the SpaceShard team. It is a platform that offers you the opportunity to interact with your favorite Layer 1 (L1) protocols at a fraction of the cost of Layer 2 (L2) solutions. The idea behind is to scale L1 DeFi via L2 execution seamlessly while super-low fees. The technology behind Nimbora is Zero-Knowledge Rollups, currently [Starknet](/docs/concepts/overview#starknet) - a permissionless decentralized ZK-Rollup that operates as an L2 network over Ethereum.  To put it simply, Nimbora scales L1 DeFi products completely trustlessly using rollups. 

You can learn more about Nimbora by following us on [Medium](https://medium.com/@Nimbora), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nimbora_io), or by joining our [Discord group](https://discord.gg/feJJnkmYzc).

You can also check out our founder's talk from ETHDenver about the [experience of building Nimbora: a Cross-Chain Yield DEX on Starknet](https://twitter.com/i/status/1762609002435727749)

### About the SDK

This SDK helps you integrate with Nimbora YieldDex.

![nimbora_sdk](/content/nimbora_sdk.png)

## Installation

```bash
$ npm install nimbora-token-manager
$ yarn add nimbora-token-manager
```
