docs/concepts/strategies/01-statregy-lusd.md, before:

---
id: lusd
title: Borrow LUSD
sidebar_position: 2
---

# **Unlocking Quick LUSD Minting: A Step-by-Step Guide for Nimbora Users**

![Group 145.png](/content/strategy_lusd/Group_145.png)

### The world of DeFi can be swift and complex, but Nimbora is here to simplify the process for you!

In this guide, we'll show you how to mint $LUSD quickly on Starknet, streamlining your DeFi experience and maximizing efficiency.

To get started, make sure you have a Starknet-compatible wallet, such as Argent X or Braavos. If you plan to bridge your assets to use as collateral, ensure you have an Ethereum-compatible wallet e.g. Metamask.

**Step 1: Visit Nimbora's Front End**
Visit Nimbora's front end at [https://www.nimbora.io/](https://www.nimbora.io/)  to connect Starknet to Ethereum, reducing gas costs for your interactions with Ethereum. 

![Cookies.png](/content/strategy_lusd/Cookies.png)

Feel free to explore the platform, but now let's head straight to the ‘Integrations’ page, and scroll down the integration list to find Liquity.

![Screenshot 2023-11-02 at 11.02.24.png](/content/strategy_lusd/Screenshot_2023-11-02_at_11.02.24.png)

Click on “ABOUT THIS COLLAB” and you will be directed to [https://www.nimbora.io/liquity](https://www.nimbora.io/liquity)

**Step 2: Explore Liquity Integration**
Before proceeding, we recommend reading the extensive FAQ section to understand what you're getting into. 

![Screenshot 2023-11-02 at 11.05.56.png](/content/strategy_lusd/Screenshot_2023-11-02_at_11.05.56.png)

Once you're well-informed, it's time to connect your wallet.

**Step 3: Connect Your Wallet**
If your wallet isn't already connected, click "Connect Wallet" and select your preferred option. We've chosen Argent for this demonstration (see detailed steps in the video below)

**Step 4: Bridge Assets to Starknet**
Before borrowing, you may want to bridge some assets from Starknet to Ethereum. We recommend using [Starkgate](https://starkgate.starknet.io/) for this purpose. Connect both your Ethereum and Starknet wallets and bridge your assets conveniently. The exact steps are shown in the video below.

**Step 5: Start Borrowing**
Now, let's dive into the borrowing process. Please note that the collateral ratio and the assets you can borrow are predetermined. Currently, the ratios are 453 and 300, but they may change with the fluctuating ETH price. If you find yourself asking more questions, please return to FAQs section.

**Step 6: Select Your Asset and Borrow**
Pick your desired asset, such as ETH, and choose your borrowing amount. Keep in mind that the LUSD amount you receive is tied to the amount of ETH you input, following the predetermined collateral ratio. The gas fees are relatively lower on Starknet, making the borrowing process more cost-effective.

**Step 7: Confirm and Wait**
After selecting your asset and borrowing amount, click "Borrow." Your Starknet wallet will appear, and once the calculations are complete, click "Confirm." The transaction is now pending, and your LUSD is on its way. However, it's essential to understand that it might take some time due to the batching and Starknet finality process, which usually takes between 8 to 12 hours.

**Step 8: Be Patient and Stay Informed**
While your transaction is pending, we recommend reading the FAQ section and seeking answers to your questions. If you have technical questions about this integration or Starknet in general, you can join [Nimbora Alpha Testers](https://t.me/+606MBKpVsdthYTU0) Telegram group. If you have questions about borrowing or Liquity in general please join the [Liquity Discord](https://discord.com/invite/2up5U32).

To report any issue, please click on "FEEDBACK" button directly on [https://app.nimbora.io/](https://app.nimbora.io/) (see image below)

![https://assets-global.website-files.com/650947fe4f71ddba91014897/653f7d4def71d885d387e46c_1.png](https://assets-global.website-files.com/650947fe4f71ddba91014897/653f7d4def71d885d387e46c_1.png)

‍

Have fun navigating DeFi with Nimbora and enjoy the efficiency of the Starknet integration! 

Stay patient while your transaction processes, and in no time, your LUSD will be in your wallet.

HERE’S A DETAILED STEP-BY-STEP VIDEO TUTORIAL👇👇👇

[![VIDEO TUTORIAL](https://img.youtube.com/vi/DluxuqM4XHo&t/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DluxuqM4XHo&t=1s&ab_channel=LiquityProtocol)

Commit message:

Update Nimbora Overview and LUSD Strategy

docs/concepts/strategies/01-statregy-lusd.md, after:

---
id: lusd
title: Borrow LUSD
sidebar_position: 2
---

# **Unlocking Quick LUSD Minting: A Step-by-Step Guide for Liquity Users**

![Group 145.png](/content/strategy_lusd/Group_145.png)

### LUSD Strategy

This strategy allows users to borrow LUSD, a stablecoin pegged to the U.S. dollar, using their collateral. The process begins by depositing collateral into the Nimbora platform. Once the collateral is deposited and locked, users can borrow against it according to the platform's loan-to-value ratio. This strategy is beneficial for users who want to leverage their assets without selling them. However, users must monitor their collateral value to avoid liquidation. If the value of the collateral falls below certain thresholds, the system may automatically liquidate the assets to repay the loan.

To get started, make sure you have a Starknet-compatible wallet, such as Argent X or Braavos. If you plan to bridge your assets to use as collateral, ensure you have an Ethereum-compatible wallet e.g. Metamask.

### How to interact

**Step 1: Visit Nimbora's Front End**
Visit Nimbora's front end at [https://www.nimbora.io/](https://www.nimbora.io/)  to connect Starknet to Ethereum, reducing gas costs for your interactions with Ethereum. 

![Cookies.png](/content/strategy_lusd/Cookies.png)

Feel free to explore the platform, but now let's head straight to the ‘Integrations’ page, and scroll down the integration list to find Liquity.

![Screenshot 2023-11-02 at 11.02.24.png](/content/strategy_lusd/Screenshot_2023-11-02_at_11.02.24.png)

Click on “ABOUT THIS COLLAB” and you will be directed to [https://www.nimbora.io/liquity](https://www.nimbora.io/liquity)

**Step 2: Explore Liquity Integration**
Before proceeding, we recommend reading the extensive FAQ section to understand what you're getting into. 

![Screenshot 2023-11-02 at 11.05.56.png](/content/strategy_lusd/Screenshot_2023-11-02_at_11.05.56.png)

Once you're well-informed, it's time to connect your wallet.

**Step 3: Connect Your Wallet**
If your wallet isn't already connected, click "Connect Wallet" and select your preferred option. We've chosen Argent for this demonstration (see detailed steps in the video below)

**Step 4: Bridge Assets to Starknet**
Before borrowing, you may want to bridge some assets from Starknet to Ethereum. We recommend using [Starkgate](https://starkgate.starknet.io/) for this purpose. Connect both your Ethereum and Starknet wallets and bridge your assets conveniently. The exact steps are shown in the video below.

**Step 5: Start Borrowing**
Now, let's dive into the borrowing process. Please note that the collateral ratio and the assets you can borrow are predetermined. Currently, the ratios are 453 and 300, but they may change with the fluctuating ETH price. If you find yourself asking more questions, please return to FAQs section.

**Step 6: Select Your Asset and Borrow**
Pick your desired asset, such as ETH, and choose your borrowing amount. Keep in mind that the LUSD amount you receive is tied to the amount of ETH you input, following the predetermined collateral ratio. The gas fees are relatively lower on Starknet, making the borrowing process more cost-effective.

**Step 7: Confirm and Wait**
After selecting your asset and borrowing amount, click "Borrow." Your Starknet wallet will appear, and once the calculations are complete, click "Confirm." The transaction is now pending, and your LUSD is on its way. However, it's essential to understand that it might take some time due to the batching and Starknet finality process, which usually takes between 8 to 12 hours.

**Step 8: Be Patient and Stay Informed**
While your transaction is pending, we recommend reading the FAQ section and seeking answers to your questions. If you have technical questions about this integration or Starknet in general, you can join [Nimbora Alpha Testers](https://t.me/+606MBKpVsdthYTU0) Telegram group. If you have questions about borrowing or Liquity in general please join the [Liquity Discord](https://discord.com/invite/2up5U32).

To report any issue, please click on "FEEDBACK" button directly on [https://app.nimbora.io/](https://app.nimbora.io/) (see image below)

![https://assets-global.website-files.com/650947fe4f71ddba91014897/653f7d4def71d885d387e46c_1.png](https://assets-global.website-files.com/650947fe4f71ddba91014897/653f7d4def71d885d387e46c_1.png)

‍

Have fun navigating DeFi with Nimbora and enjoy the efficiency of the Starknet integration! 

Stay patient while your transaction processes, and in no time, your LUSD will be in your wallet.

HERE’S A DETAILED STEP-BY-STEP VIDEO TUTORIAL👇👇👇

[![VIDEO TUTORIAL](https://img.youtube.com/vi/DluxuqM4XHo&t/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DluxuqM4XHo&t=1s&ab_channel=LiquityProtocol)
